contact@mtouchlabs.com
+91 9390683154
+1 908 799 4006
HOME
 
SERVICES
 
PRODUCTS
 
RESOURCES
 
PORTFOLIO
 
CAREERS
 
CONTACT US
 
Request Quote
BEST ANGULAR DEVELOPMENT COMPANY IN INDIA
Leading Angular Development Company in India

Our Angular Development Company develops Scalable Solutions Using Incredible Angular Tools

Let’s discuss 
Custom Angular Development Services in India

As a top Angular Development Company in India, we create custom, reliable, and fully functional Angular web and mobile applications for enterprises of all shapes and sizes. The expert developers working for our Angular development company are quite creative in creating flexible, and highly scalable codes to further escalate user experience.

 

Be it Angular Development from scratch or maintaining an existing application; we are one of the best in doing both. Counted among the top Angular Development Service providers, we have made a mark by delivering outstanding projects that excel in terms of navigation for users and extensive documentation for their developers.

 

If you are looking for Angular Development Services for creating a cutting-edge single-page application, we welcome you to be part of our services. We are one of the best offshore angularJS development companies in India focused on providing Angular Development Services for established clients as well as emerging startups for years.

   
 
Angular JS Web Development Services

Being a prominent Angular Web Development company in Hyderabad we build unmatched apps for small, medium, and large-scale business enterprises. Angular JS Development is an app-design framework and development platform for building efficient and sophisticated single-page apps.

 

AngularJS Development puts you in control over scalability. Get the best Angular Web Development solutions for your business with our flexible hiring models and custom angular components. Our AngularJS Development Company is an expert in delivering 360-degree Angular development services.

 

Our Angular Web Development Company has hands-on experience with the latest Angular technologies to ensure you are in a competitively stronger position than others in the industry. Each Angular development work we have taken up, we have exceeded the client expectations. Hire our dedicated team of experienced Angular developers and get quality products delivered with a professional approach.

Angluar Web Development Services

Our Angular Development Company has hands-on experience with the latest Angular technologies and provide full-cycle development services

Custom Angular Development

Our Angular Development company expertise helps you provide secure, scalable, and mobile-friendly web application development services.

UI/UX Development

Our Angular Js development team provides innovative and eye-catchy UI/UX development services as per the latest designing trends.

API Development

We provide high-performing and scalable enterprise-oriented API development services matching your business's specific needs.

Upgradation Services

If you want to migrate your website to Angular or upgrade to the present version, you can hire Angular developers who will readily help you.

Single Page Applications

We have comprehensive expertise with Angular JS development using Single Page Application architectures with Angular JavaScript framework.

Support and Maintenance

In addition to the Angular web development services, we are proficient in providing round-the-clock Angular support and maintenance services.

Hire Best Angular Developers

Our Angular Web Development comes up with the most effective and cost-efficient solutions to meet your objectives on time.

Talk to our experts  or Call Us 9390683154
Frequently Asked Questions
 
What is Angular in development?

Angular Development refers to the process of creating web applications using the Angular framework. Angular is a front-end web development framework developed and maintained by Google.

What is Angular used for?

Angular is used to create dynamic applications with a smooth and responsive user experience. It makes it possible to create single-page applications (SPAs) that allow users to interact with the application without refreshing the page and where content loads dynamically.

Is Angular a programming language?

No, Angular isn't a programming language. It's a front-end web application framework written in TypeScript, a superset of JavaScript. Angular offers a set of tools and libraries for developing web applications, but the underlying programming language is TypeScript, which is compiled to JavaScript.

Is Angular better than React?

The choice between Angular and React depends on the specific requirements of the project and the preferences of the development team. Angular is a full-fledged framework that provides a comprehensive set of tools and conventions, making it suitable for large-scale applications with built-in features. React, on the other hand, is a library that focuses on the view layer, providing more flexibility and allowing developers to choose complementary tools. Both have their strengths, and the decision often comes down to factors like project complexity, team expertise, and development philosophy.

Which websites use Angular?

Many popular websites and web applications use Angular for their front-end development. Some examples include:  

Gmail
Google Drive
Microsoft Office Online
PayPal
Upwork
Forbes
Weather.com

CONTACT US
Have a project in mind? Let's get to chat.
 Contact  Whatsapp
Contact info
 9390683154
 +91 9390683154
 contact@mtouchlabs.com
 careers@mtouchlabs.com
Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Instagram
 linkedin
 Youtube
Services
Hire Dedicated Developers
Web App Development
Mobile App Development
Search Engine Optimization
Pay-Per-Click
Social Media Marketing
Useful Links
Software Development Services
E-commerce Development
Content Management Services
iPhone App Development
IOT solutions
Portfolio
ADJD - Judicial App
Golkonda - E-Commerce App
RYS - Bike Riding App
Dubshoot - Music & Video App
Khidkee - Grocery App
Astrograha - Astrology App
Esra - Beauty App
    
Overall client rating is 4.9 for mTouch Labs
Our Brochure 

Copyright © mtouchLabs. All rights reserved.